chore: add default fsgroup for on podSecurityContext (#5314)
aws/karpenter-provider-aws: website/content/en/preview/upgrading/upgrade-guide.md

kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aws/karpenter{{< githubRelRef >}}pkg/apis/crds/karpenter.sh_nodeclaims.yaml
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aws/karpenter{{< githubRelRef >}}pkg/apis/crds/karpenter.k8s.aws_ec2nodeclasses.yaml
```
### Upgrading to v0.34.0+

> * Karpenter add now by default on `podSecurityContext` level, specific `fsgroup: 65536`. If you are using sidecar containers, you should review if this configuration is compatible for them. If you need to change this default value you have the option adding specific `podSecurityContext:` block on your values.yaml file

Reviewer: There is already a section labeled `Upgrading to v0.34.0` below, can we just add this as a bullet in that section?

Author: Moved to the proper section with [this commit] (https://github.com/aws/karpenter-provider-aws/pull/5314/commits/b39b5c7b67e2239e6310bf0d17369adbc63e06e2)

> * Karpenter add now by default on `podSecurityContext` level, specific `fsgroup: 65536`. If you are using sidecar containers, you should review if this configuration is compatible for them. If you need to change this default value you have the option adding specific `podSecurityContext:` block on your values.yaml file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Karpenter now adds a default `podSecurityContext` that configures the `fsgroup: 65536` of volumes in the pod. If you are using sidecar containers, you should review if this configuration is compatible for them. You can disable this default `podSecurityContext` through helm by performing `--set podSecurityContext={}` when installing/upgrading the chart.
```

A suggestion to add a bit of clarity to the wording

Author: Changed as suggested with [this commit] (https://github.com/aws/karpenter-provider-aws/pull/5314/commits/b39b5c7b67e2239e6310bf0d17369adbc63e06e2)
